## Create a new build definition
In this section, we will create a simple build definition that will do a sanity check on the code, making sure it compiles and that all the tests run successfully. Then publish it to a container registry ready for deployment

1. Navigate to the __"Pipelines"__ vertical on the left and select __"Pipelines"__ from the options. It should be empty and have a __"Create Pipeline"__ button in the centre.
2. Click on the __"Create Pipeline"__ button
3. The creation workflow will open and provide you two different methods for creating a build definition. The default is to create a "YAML" definition, but at the bottom of the page you can also select "Use the classic editor" (a good option if you are starting out)
4. Select __"Azure Repos Git"__ option to start creating a YAML pipeline
5. Select the repository that you have imported the application code into
6. On the __"Configure your Pipeline"__ page, select __"Existing Azure Pipelines YAML file"__. On the fly-out, there should be a single item in the __"Path"__ dropdown. Select it and select __"Continue"__
7. Review the YAM based pipeline and change the following variables at the top of the file

|Variable |Value |
|---|---|
|registryName| _the name of the registry that is to be created in Azure (use a unique name)_|
|subscriptionName|_the name of your service principle connection to your Azure subscription_|
|resourceGroupName| _the name of the resource group created earlier_|
8. Click __"Save and run"__
9. Follow the execution of the pipeline in the overview page
10. Once the pipeline had completed, have a look at the summary page as well as the tests and code coverage
11. Open the Azure Portal and navigate to the Resource Group created in the setup _(Refresh if it is still open)_
12. Open the newly created Container Registry. Select the __"Repositories"__ blade. You should notice that there is a "rubytasks" container

### Overview
You have created a YAML based build pipeline that builds, tests and deploys a docker image to a Container Registry.  

Next we will setup an automated release [automated release](./3.ReleaseTemplate.md)
